Better docs for reexported packages (#2046)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/models/functors.md

# Recursive transformations from Functors.jl

Flux models are deeply nested structures, and [Functors.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Functors.jl) provides tools needed to explore such objects, apply functions to the parameters they contain, and re-build them.

> More precisely, using the `Functors.@functor` macro allows `Flux` layers to access additional functionalities, like collecting parameters or scaling them to the GPU.
> 
> Functors.jl is a collection of tools designed to represent a [functor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functor_(functional_programming)). Flux makes use of it to treat certain structs as functors. Notable examples include the layers that Flux defines. The basic usage of `Functors.jl` can be found [here](https://fluxml.ai/Functors.jl/stable/#Basic-Usage-and-Implementation).

Reviewer: I still think this is too many words. Maybe it could be cut like this, possibly integrated with the paragraph above.
```suggestion
New layers should be annotated using the `Functors.@functor` macro. This will enable [`params`](@ref) to see the parameters inside, and [`gpu`](@ref) to move them to the GPU.

`Functors.jl` has its own [notes on basic usage](https://fluxml.ai/Functors.jl/stable/#Basic-Usage-and-Implementation) for more details.
```
This will change when we ditch Params, and if we do #/1932 or #2028, so perhaps not worth too much care just now.

> # Functor from Functors.jl
> 
> Flux makes use of the [Functors.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Functors.jl) to represent many of the core functionalities it provides.
> 

Reviewer: This seems a bit vague to me... first, this use of "functor" belongs to a tiny nice of functional programming, I don't think it's worth putting any emphasis on that here, it's just some package with a weird name. 

Second, I don't know what "many of the core functionalities" means. I wrote something but maybe giving examples (params, training, gpu) would be nice too.

```suggestion
# Recursive transformations Functors.jl

Flux models are deeply nested structures, and [Functors.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Functors.jl) provides tools needed to explore such objects, apply functions to the parameters they contain, and re-build them.

```

I can't make suggestions below this, but (IMO) it might also be worth separating the list of functions according to level of obscurity. Maybe `@functor`, `functor`, `isleaf`, `fmap` should be in one block, the rest in another? Or just `@functor`, `fmap`  as the top? Not sure, maybe it's too messy to make such a division.

Author: The number of docstrings looks too few for a further division; should I still divide them?

Reviewer 2: I would think of and describe functors like you would the module system of any other library. Because while it is a general-purpose library, that's what we use it for in Flux. One way to do this could be to show practical examples of using `@functor` etc. to define layers, and then explain what is happening along with why things are done this way. If that last part is too much, just the examples and a link to the advanced model building page could suffice.
